Update readme to describe building (#30)
materializecss/materialize: README.md

### Documentation for previous releases
Previous releases and their documentation are available for [download](https://github.com/materializecss/materialize/releases).

## Build

> If you want to get `materialize.css` or `materialize.js` which generated from the latest commit, you can build with the following command after `npm install`. See `package.json` to check the current version like `1.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build `materialize.css` or `materialize.js` from the latest commit, you can build the files with the following command after `npm install`. See `package.json` to check the current version like `1.0.0`.
```

Author: Helpful, thanks!

```sh

> npx grunt release --oldver=<current_version> --newver=<new_version>

Reviewer 2: hmm pardon me, but I don't get it why we need both `oldver` and `newver` arguments? 😕

Author: It could be omited, but in my opinion, it would be good for the future contributors to show the command of the actual version upgrade work. In addition, it will be written as "vundefined" in the header when omit `newver`, it looks not nice.

Reviewer: We should probably add this as command to the package.json file.

Author: @DanielRuf 
OK, I added build script in `package.json`, and use npm instead of npx for consistency.

Reviewer 2: hmm I got what `newver` arg means, but how about `oldver`? Doesn't seem to affect anything? 😕

### Documentation for previous releases
Previous releases and their documentation are available for [download](https://github.com/materializecss/materialize/releases).

## Build
If you want to build `materialize.css` or `materialize.js` from the latest commit, you can build the files with the following command after `npm install`. See `package.json` to check the current version like `1.0.0`.

```sh

> npm run release -- --oldver=<current_version> --newver=<new_version>

Reviewer 2: I think this all good... well... except the `oldver` argument, it could confuse people who want to build this... maybe just write it `1.0.0` temporary for now instead `<current_version>`?

Reviewer: I don't think so. The readme contains an example and is meant for contributors. I think this is sufficient at the moment.

In the future we can use only `newver` or use some package which does this much better and move away from grunt maybe.
